+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
| PLEASE NOTE :                                                       | 
+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
| This LICENCE file is provided for convenience only, the             |
| authoritative version of the Squiz Open Source Licence Agreement    |
| can be found at http://www.squiz.net/licence                        |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------+


MySource Matrix Open Source Software Licence v1.0
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Squiz Pty Ltd (ABN 77 084 670 600) (Squiz.Net, Us or We) is the original 
creator of software known as ["MySource Matrix"] and promoter of certain 
enhancements, developments, versions, releases, corrections, fixes, 
adaptations, translations and derivative works of that software 
(collectively called Modifications), whether in source or object code, 
which are created by Squiz.Net or assigned or licensed to Squiz.Net by 
the user under this Licence or any other user under a licence on these 
terms (the Software).

This licence (the Licence) applies between Us and each user of the 
Software (You, which includes the organisation in, or for, which you use 
the Software). This Licence also applies to each distributed copy or 
extract of the Software.

PLEASE READ THIS LICENCE CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING, COPYING, USING OR 
INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE. BY DOWLOADING, COPYING, USING OR INSTALLING 
SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS 
LICENCE.

Preamble

Squiz.Net is dedicated to the goals of open source software development 
and free re-distribution of software. Use of the source code of the 
Software on the terms of this Licence, including to modify and 
distribute it, is encouraged. That is what clause 1 of this Licence 
addresses.

Copyright law gives Squiz.Net certain rights in relation to the code We 
have created. Unlike a proprietary approach to software licensing (where 
those rights are used to restrict others modifying and distributing the 
software), We use those rights positively to license on terms allowing 
modification and distribution (ie the terms of this Licence). Copyright 
thereby becomes a tool for Us to ensure all users of the Software comply 
with the open source objectives of this Licence. To make that apply to 
Modifications users create, this Licence causes intellectual property 
rights in Modifications to be assigned or licensed back to Squiz.Net - 
which then become part of the "Software" all users are licensed to use 
under this Licence. That is what clause 2 of this Licence addresses.

Where someone resells our code, or the code contributed by a member of 
the open source community, on a commercial basis, or sells particular 
support services for commercial benefit in connection with our code, we 
think it is only fair that the commercial user contributes back part of 
the commercial benefit they derive from our work. However, 
non-commercial distribution should be free of charge. That is what 
clause 3 of this Licence addresses. We intend to use what we receive 
from users under those provisions, if anything, to further develop and 
promote the Software.

1. Right of use

1.1 Subject to Clause 2 and the legal rights of any third party, You are 
granted a non-exclusive right to install, view, copy, modify, alter and 
add to the Software (in source or object code form) in any way. However:

(a) You must not introduce any virus, worm, trojan horse or malicious 
code into the Software;

(b) You must not remove or alter any copyright notice; and

(c) in any redistribution of software or Modifications, you must make 
clear what code You have changed and the date of the change in a way to 
distinguish it from other code.

1.2 Subject to Clause 2 and the legal rights of a third party, You are 
granted a non-exclusive right to distribute (using the terms of this 
Licence without alteration or addition) all or part of the Software for 
Non-commercial Distribution (in source or object code form) without 
having to make any kind of payment to Us. Non-commercial Distribution is 
defined in Clause 5.2 below. To avoid doubt Your right of distribution 
includes a right to distribute Modifications to the Software which also 
constitute 'Software' under this Licence. 

1.3 Subject to Clause 2 and the legal rights of a third party, You are 
granted a non-exclusive right to distribute (using the terms of this 
Licence without alteration or addition) all or part of the Software for 
Commercial Resale (in source or object code form). Commercial Resale is 
defined in Clause 5.2 below. To avoid doubt Your right of distribution 
includes a right to distribute Modifications to the Software which also 
constitute 'Software' under this Licence.

1.4 Nothing in this Licence prevents:

(a) distribution of the Software as a component of an aggregate software 
distribution containing programs from several different sources;

(b) use of the Software in a business or a particular field of 
endeavour; or

(c) use of all or part of the Software together with, or as part of, 
another computer program,

however, this Licence applies, and You must ensure that it continues to 
apply, to each part of the Software (including Modifications of it) 
despite any such distribution or use. This Licence does not apply to any 
computer program other than the Software, even if that program is 
distributed along with the Software.

1.5 If You distribute all or part of the Software You must do so in 
source code form (regardless of whether you also distribute an object 
code form).

2. Intellectual Property

2.1 You agree that Squiz.Net owns all intellectual property rights 
(including copyright) in every aspect of the Software, including source 
code and related documentation.

2.2 Where Squiz.Net has created source code of Software, we warrant that 
it does not infringe another person's copyright, but we make no 
representations as to patent infringement. 

2.3 It is Your responsibility to investigate and obtain permission from 
the holder of any patent for use of any patent used by the Software and 
to pay any royalties to the patent holder in connection with Your use of 
such a patent. However, to avoid doubt, the rights in clauses 1.1, 1.2 
and 1.3 include a right to use all relevant patents held by Squiz.Net or 
which are assigned or licensed to Squiz.Net under clause 2 of this 
Licence or under clause 2 of a licence by Squiz.Net to another user on 
the terms of this Licence.

2.4 If You alter, modify or add to the Software, You hereby assign to 
Squiz.Net all of your intellectual property rights (including copyright 
and patent rights) in any Modifications, alterations or additions, 
including copyright in any compilation comprised of any part of the 
original source code of the Software and Your Modifications, alterations 
or additions to the Software. 

2.5 You agree to waive all moral rights that You may have in any 
modification, alteration or addition You make. You consent to use of 
your Modifications, alterations and additions by Squiz.Net or any other 
user under a licence on the terms of this Licence, even if you might 
regard that use as derogatory treatment under moral rights laws.

2.6 If You make available to Squiz.Net or any other user any of Your 
alterations, Modifications or additions to the Software, You represent 
to Us that the alteration, modification or addition is Your original 
work and that, as far as You are aware, neither it or its assignment, 
licence or use under this Licence or another licence on these terms 
infringes the intellectual property rights of any other person other 
than a patent identified by a notation made in the source code you have 
made available.

2.7 If the assignment in clause 2.4 is ineffective for any reason, You 
grant to Squiz.Net a royalty free, perpetual, worldwide licence to use 
all intellectual property rights You have in all Modifications, 
alterations and additions to the Software, including the right to grant 
licences to others on the terms of this Licence.

3. Royalty Payments

3.1 If You engage in Commercial Resale of the Software You must pay 
Squiz.Net a royalty (the Royalty) calculated in accordance with Clause 
3.2 and 3.3 of this Licence. To avoid doubt, no Royalty is payable for 
any Non-Commercial Distribution of the Software.

3.2 The Royalty is payable at the rate of ten percent (10%) of the Gross 
Total Revenue that You receive, or are entitled to receive, from or in 
connection with Your Commercial Resale of the Software. The Royalty must 
be paid within 14 days after the end of each Reporting Period.

3.3 If any goods and services tax, consumption tax, value added tax or 
withholding tax is payable in connection with this Licence or the 
levying, payment or receipt of the Royalty (whether payable by You or 
Squiz.Net), You agree to pay Squiz.Net an additional amount so that the 
amount Squiz.Net receives, net of all such taxes, is equal to the amount 
specified in clause 3.2.

3.4 Should Squiz.Net notify You that it considers or suspects that You 
have engaged in Commercial Resale of the Software, You agree to provide 
Squiz.Net with any necessary records that Squiz.Net may reasonably 
require to determine whether or not you have engaged in Commercial 
Resale of the Software and, if so, the amount of any Royalty payable 
under this clause 3. You agree that this Licence provides Squiz.Net with 
a court-enforceable right of access to any such records.

4. Documentation

4.1 If You engage in Commercial Resale of the Software and You provide 
Related Documentation in connection with that Commercial Resale:

(a) You will include a Software Description in any Related Documentation 
that You provide; and

(b) You will provide Squiz.Net with a copy of any Related Documentation 
that You provide, within 14 days after the end of the Reporting Period 
during which You provided the Related Documentation in connection with 
that Commercial Resale.

Related Documentation and Software Description are defined in Clause 5.2 
below.

4.2 When you are required by Clause 4.1 of this Licence to include a 
Software Description in any Related Documentation that You provide, You 
represent to Squiz.Net that 

(a) that Software Description will be accurate; 

(b) You will not intentionally provide an inaccurate Software 
Description to attempt to avoid paying Squiz.Net the Royalty that 
Squiz.Net is entitled to under Clause 3;

(c) the Software Description will be in clearly visible form,

(d) the Software Description will occupy a position in the Related 
Documentation that is of similar prominence to other key terms in the 
Related Documentation; and 

(e) the Software Description will be of a size in the Related 
Documentation that is similar to that of other key terms in the Related 
Documentation that You provide.

5. General Terms and Conditions

5.1 Interpretation

Headings are for convenience only and do not affect interpretation. The 
following rules apply unless the context requires otherwise:

(a) Examples given in this Licence are non-limiting. The words 
"including" and "includes" are non-limiting.

(b) The Preamble is for convenience only, does not form part of this 
Licence and does not affect interpretation.

5.2 Definitions

In addition to definitions appearing elsewhere in this Licence, the 
following definitions apply unless the context requires otherwise.

Commercial Resale means any redistribution of all or part of the 
Software, including as a component of an aggregate software 
distribution, in exchange for which, or which directly or indirectly 
enables You to provide goods or services for which, you receive payment 
in money or other value of any kind. "Commercial Resale" includes the 
supply of goods or services in connection with redistribution of all or 
part of the Software for which you receive payment in money or other 
value of any kind, including the provision of training services, 
installation services, warranty or support services, development 
services and commercial rental services in relation to the Software. 
Commercial Redistribution does not include any use of the Software by 
You or another to create content for You or another.

Gross Total Revenue means, in relation to Commercial Resale, the 
aggregate of:

(a) the price You charge in respect of the Commercial Resale excluding 
applicable taxes, whether for cash or credit; and

(b) the market value of any goods or services You agree to accept in 
respect of that Commercial Resale.

Where the price or value charged or accepted relates to a computer 
program or services supplied with the Software (including any program 
using any part of the Software) the "Gross Total Revenue" shall not be 
less than the proportion of that price or value corresponding:

(c) in the case of a computer program - to how great a proportion of the 
program is made up of Software; and/or

(d) in the case of services - to how much the price or value would be 
reduced if the Software were not used (and no alternative computer 
program is used).

If We believe these figures have been underestimated We may appoint an 
independent expert to determine that proportion and such a determination 
binds You and Us.

Non-commercial Distribution means any distribution of the Software that 
is not Commercial Resale.

Related Documentation means any literature or materials of any kind that 
You provide in written or electronic form in connection with Commercial 
Resale of the Software, including training, promotional or sales 
literature or materials.

Reporting Period means each calendar quarter commencing on 1 January, 1 
April, 1 July or 1 October provided that the last Reporting Period shall 
be taken to expire at the end of this Licence.

Software Description means a statement or notice in which:

(a) You describe the alteration, modification or addition that You have 
made to the Software; and

(b) You describe, in detail, the manner in which the aggregate software 
distribution's functions, performance and source code differ from the 
functions and performance of the Software before Your alteration, 
modification or addition.

5.3 You bear your own costs

You must bear Your own costs and expenses in relation to the exercise of 
any right under this Licence.

5.4 Further assurances

You must take all steps and do everything reasonably required by 
Squiz.Net to give effect to any of the transactions contemplated by this 
Licence, including the assignment of intellectual property rights under 
clause 2.

5.5 Entire agreement

This Licence contains the entire agreement between You and Squiz.Net as 
at the date of this Licence with respect to its subject matter and 
supersedes all prior representations, promises, agreements and 
understandings between the parties connected with the Software in any 
way.

5.6 Governing Law

This Licence is governed by the laws of New South Wales, Australia. The 
parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of courts there.

5.7 Severability

Any provision of this Licence which is prohibited or unenforceable under 
any applicable law will be ineffective in the jurisdiction where that 
law applies, to the extent of the prohibition or unenforceability. That 
will not invalidate the remaining provisions of this Licence nor affect 
the validity or enforceability of that provision in any other 
jurisdiction.

5.8 NO WARRANTY AS TO FITNESS FOR USE

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SQUIZ.NET PROVIDES THE SOFTWARE TO YOU "AS IS" AND, 
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SQUIZ.NET IS NOT LIABLE FOR YOUR USE OF 
THE SOFTWARE OR EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHT UNDER THIS LICENCE, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OTHER TORTS, UNDER STATUTE OR OTHERWISE. YOU MUST 
ENSURE THE SOFTWARE IS FIT FOR YOUR INTENDED USE AND OTHERWISE OF A 
QUALITY THAT YOU REQUIRE.

5.9 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL TERMS, CONDITIONS, 
WARRANTIES, UNDERTAKINGS, INDUCEMENTS AND REPRESENTATIONS, WHETHER 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED BY LEGISLATION, THE COMMON LAW, EQUITY, TRADE, CUSTOM 
OR USAGE OR OTHERWISE RELATING TO THE PROVISION BY US OF THE SOFTWARE 
ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED. IF A WARRANTY OR CONDITION IMPLIED BY LAW IS NOT 
EFFECTIVELY EXCLUDED BY THIS PROVISION, SQUIZ.NET'S LIABILITY TO YOU IN 
RESPECT OF ANY BREACH OF THAT WARRANTY OR CONDITION IS LIMITED, AT 
SQUIZ.NET'S ELECTION, EITHER TO THE RESUPPLY OF THE SOFTWARE TO YOU OR 
THE COST OF RESUPPLY OF THE SOFTWARE TO YOU. SQUIZ.NET WILL NOT BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF SAVINGS OR DATA OR FOR ANY 
INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE SUPPLY OF THE SOFTWARE UNDER THIS LICENCE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER 
SQUIZ.NET WAS INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE LOSSES. IN NO EVENT 
WILL SQUIZ.NET'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, 
NEGLIGENCE, OTHER TORT, UNDER STATUTE OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE GREATER 
OF AUD$10 OR THE AMOUNT OF ANY ROYALTY YOU HAVE PAID TO SQUIZ.NET

5.10 Contributory Loss

Any liability that Squiz.Net has for any loss You suffer shall be 
reduced to the extent that You or a third party are responsible for that 
loss (regardless, in the case of a third party, of whether You recover 
against that third party).

5.11 No Authority Apart From This Licence

Squiz.Net grants no right of use of the Software apart from the rights 
in this Licence. Any use of the Software, or any part of it, other than 
in accordance with this Licence is prohibited.

5.12 Termination

Squiz.Net may terminate clauses 1.1, 1.2 and 1.3, with or without cause, 
by posting a termination notice on the website of Squiz.Net. Such a 
termination takes effect 1 month after the notice is posted. Despite 
such a notice, the remaining provisions of this Licence continue to 
apply.
